NMS-14397 EnhancedLinkd Collection priority Scheduling (#5325)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/operation/pages/deep-dive/topology/enlinkd/introduction.adoc

Bridge Collectors are able to collect Bridge Forwarding Table and IpNetToMedia Table on devices and to provide effective links a further step is required.
The Enlinkd-Bridge-Discovery process attempts to discover bridge domain links with the data coming from all collected Bridge Forwarding Tables.
The Topology-Updaters correlate all collected topology data to generate a global topology layout of your network.

> For each supported protocol is created a collection group with an assigned priority.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For each supported protocol {page-component-title} creates a collection group with an assigned priority.
```

> The collection group is scheduled according with the rescan interval defined for the related protocol.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The collection group is scheduled according to the rescan interval defined for the related protocol.
```

> The run of collection group will send to a Priority Executor protocol specific Snmp Collection and storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The collection group run sends protocol-specific SNMP collection and storage to a priority executor.
```
I might have rephrased this incorrectly, so please verify.

Author: Only one priority Executor.

> First will be collecter the data whose value of priority is lower.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Collection starts with data that has the lowest priority value.
```

> Further a priority Map is ised to assign to a specific node a priority.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Further, collection uses a priority map to assign a priority to a specific node.
```
Where is the priority map? How does the user define what priority specific nodes get? We should include a link to this information if it is somewhere else in the docs.

Author: I commit the suggested changes, but maybe you can find a better way for explaining what I have done.
Snmp Collection is done first using a protocol criteria so CDP data collection is always performed before LLDP data collection because cdp-priority=1000 and lldp-priority=2000.
Also a criteria is used to set up data collection priority that is the sum of protocol-.priority and node-priority.

Reviewer: Thanks. I'll look at the updates and see if we need to change anything.

> Starting from the lowest ip subnetwork the same nodei priority is assigned to the nodes belonging to the same network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting from the lowest IP subnetwork, the same nodeID priority is assigned to the nodes that belong to the same network.
```
Should that be "nodeID"?

> Final Node collection priority will be the sum of node priority and protocol related collection group priority.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The final node collection priority is the sum of node priority and protocol-related collection group priority.
```

> With respect to the default configuration CDP data collection (priority 1000) will be done before LLDP data collection (priotity 2000).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, CDP data collection (priority 1000) is done before LLDP data collection (priority 2000), followed by OSPF, IS-IS, and Bridge data collection (priority 3000, 4000, and 10000 respectively).
```

> Follow OSPF, IS-IS and Bridge data collection (respectively priority 3000, 4000 and 10000).

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

3+| *Integer*

| threads

> | Number of parallel threads used by schedulable: collector groups, updaters, and discovery.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Number of parallel threads used by schedulable: collector groups, updaters, and discovery.
```
Not sure what is meant by "schedulable". What is using the parallel threads? Suggest: "Number of parallel threads the schedule uses: collector, groups, updaters, and discovery." Or is it defined by the schedule?

Author: Well, 
We have three kinds of runnable in enlinkd, the first are TopologyUpdaters, they are scheduled using The LagacyScheduler every 5 minutes. Then we have BridgeTopologyDiscovery a runnable that is run to calculate the bbridge topology over Bridge data collected data. Finally we have SchedulableNodeCollectorGroup.java, well we define 6 SchedulableCollectionGroup one for every collection CDP, LLDP, BRIDGE, IPNETTOMEDIA, OSPF and IS-IS.
These classes are run every cdp_topology_interval etc etc, what do they do?

Each one generates a Specific Protocol Snmp Collection for every Node in opennms (that supports SNMP) assign a priority on the Snmp Collector and add this Collectors to the LegacyExecutors. The LegacyExecutors will run the collection using another thread pull and execution is done using the priority.

So we have two type of Obbject, the schedulable that are scheduled using the LegacyScheduler and the Executors (data collectors) that are executed/run) by another pull thread.

In fact in the confoguration file we have threads and executor-threads.

Author: Not sure if this answer your question. Just let me know, I leave this conversation as unresolved.

Reviewer: Thank you! That is very helpful. I suggest the following:
```suggestion
| Number of parallel threads schedulable objects use: collector groups, updaters, and discovery.
```

Author: Many thanks Bonnie!

| 3

| executor-queue-size

> | The initial queue size of Priority Executor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| The initial queue size of the Priority Executor.
```

| 100

| executor-threads

> | Number of parallel threads used by collectors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Number of parallel threads the collector uses.
```

| Interval in milliseconds for Intermediate System to Intermediate System (IS-IS) links discovery.
| 86400000

| cdp-priority

> | The priority used for executing CDP links discovery

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| The priority used for running CDP links discovery.
```

| 1000

| lldp-priority

> | The priority used for executing LLDP links discovery

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| The priority used for running LLDP links discovery.
```

| 2000

| bridge-priority

> | The priority used for executing Bridge links discovery

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| The priority used for running Bridge links discovery.
```

| 10000

| ospf-priority

> | The priority used for executing OSPF links discovery

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| The priority used for running OSPF links discovery.
```

| 3000

| isis-priority

> | The priority used for executing IS-IS links discovery

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| The priority used for running IS-IS links discovery.
```
